when we first arrived there were three girls at the front counter tallying up receipts and not a single one of them looked up to greet us. i had called the tuesday before mother's day to see if the made reservations, to which they said yes and took mine down. however, when i said i had a reservation the girl at the front (who couldn't be bothered to look up and say hello) rudely said she didn't know where it was, until another girl found it. when they did, they realized they didn't have a table big enough for us (after having just seated a table of four at a six person table that would have fit our five person party right next to a four person table that would have fit the other group... logic), and rudely informed us they only had a table outside for immediate seating. i heard one make a passive-aggressive comment about "this is why we don't take reservations," which pissed me off since that wasn't what i was told when i called on tuesday. when we said that was fine they proceeded to seat us at a table with the sun glaring right in everyone's eyes, so we decided to sit at the bar instead (even though some of the group was under 21). the manager, who was also tending bar, was nice and comped some of our meal to make up for the inconvenience, which was nice. however, the rude girls working there continued to provide shit service. we were brought a dish meant for the table to share, and asked the girl who brought it for extra plates so we could share (as we were sitting at the bar all in a line) and she said she would then never came back with them. ultimately i get that they were busy, but that doesn't excuse being rude. i will usually be far more understanding when a wait staff is stretched thin because they're busy when they're nice about it and still gracious. but these girls were just stupid and rude. no apologies for the failing on their part, and bitchy looks and passive-aggressive comments within earshot. if they didn't take reservations i would have been completely fine with that had they said it when i called, and i would have made a reservation elsewhere. i know better than to try and walk in somewhere on mother's day for brunch expecting to be seated immediately. but when i do my due diligence and make a reservation, i expect that to be honored. i appreciate the gesture of the manager who was tending bar, but unfortunately it doesn't make up for his incompetent and rude staff. perhaps with some staffing changes this place would be a lot better.