i hate to leave a negative review of a donino's franchise as i've been a loyal customer for over three decades. however, this was the worst domino's i've ever had by far. ive had cafeteria pizza back in the 70s better than this. it was like eating a manhole cover. new to the area, on a tuesday june early evening, we chose this franchise last night as its closest to my temporary mcqueen/guadalupe residence in gilbert while listing my house for sale, downsizing. the franchise at val vista/warner arguably has the best domino's pizza i've ever tasted... always fresh, soft, buttery crust - phenomenal staff and management. this locale was the exact opposite. two pizzas on the $5.99 large 2-item carry out special: mushroom/sausage for me and canadian bacon/pepperoni for my friends. the mushrooms were like rubber and what little sausage that was on it was nuked. their pizza was no better... even after i added pineapple chunks to bring out more flavor. the canadian bacon was like plastic and the pepperoni was like jerky. the crust on both pizzas was like baked cardboard - my labradoodle had a hard time eating it. lol. it honestly was inedible and unsatisfactory, ruining a nice evening. i called the measly-sounding manager who was the one who made it and he matter of factly said he'd give me $15 off my next order - and i'm like... order of what??? it sure as hell won't be pizza, cuz he doesn't know how to make it - and only a corporate overhaul could improve it. i guess pasta as that's hard to screw up - lol, but as inept as this place seems to be from others on my facebook validating, i'm thinking i will just drive an extra 7-10 minutes each way to my old neighborhood franchise. unless there is new management, this place is doomed and completely not representational of domino's quality - or a gas station's pizza quality, for that matter. i'll pass, thanks. avoid until you see the "under new management" sign. sorry, but if yelp had a zero-star option, i'd use it, because a 1-star is entirely too generous.